Removing the main PRB class (#4904)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.3.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Removes the main Payment Request Buttons backend class (previously deprecated)

Reviewer: I think we should use `WC_Stripe_Payment_Request` in the description to make it easier to work out what changed.
```suggestion
* Update - Remove the main Payment Request Buttons backend class, WC_Stripe_Payment_Request, which was deprecated in 10.2.0
```
